	Focus On The Serious Mission Critical Tasks Above All Prioritise Profit Net Loss

0 delay, 0 time, 0 energy to be wasted on other activities.

	C And Parallel Projects

Coming soon perhaps by 2022-10-01.

	No More Ideas.txt

Maybe maybe cut it all to my Diary and only post up real projects on my GitHub.

	Taking A Hike Today 2022-08-24

Shitty stinky poo poo bedding malodour got me anxious and a little 'noided and I decided to attempt a few novel comfort zone expansion exercises. Firstly I hiked around the University Of Texas At Austin campus today for a few hours and secondly I increased bed room natural light levels by ~5000% but hope to fall asleep at night with eyes mask. I am still in the middle of a malodour nightmare scenario here and that walk was rather high stress frankly the silence and electrical engineering in the Gates Dell Computer Science Complex led to pretty geeked out perceptions and phenomena and I have removed the earplugs. Hope to be in Proto IO 2 here As Soon As Possible.

"
I'm back out my coma
"

Discrete phase transition, would never suggest anyone begin to wear earplugs nor earbuds. I am thinking poplar trees with strange fruits hanging, olive trees, Red roses, etc. outside of IO. Perhaps me and brother James Tao could play enumerate the invocations of "insane" in the pop musique corpus... "you do not have to be afraid"... nah but for real for real I am thinking I might finna be pull up pop skrrrt on UTPC this Friday after the NEO Meta Hacker Cup round maybe I get in there for Rank 1 top dawgy dawg bro I am worth 694205318008/year right now starting signing Austin pre tax and I could chit chat with like David Moulton about the science of data and the senior analysis of quantitative matters!!!!! Trash talk the trash talk but I am fairly confident I got centaur edges in markets who knows who knows perhaps Michael Druggan too... dude I saw that dude has short shorts same brand that Zyzz had sik bro estheetique dude I am finna own a Yellow Lamborghini Murcielago soon just kidding. I might pop some sangrias mai tais mimosas kefir pull up on like Joshua Dever's office hours right now see if he wants to talk Vulgate and phlilosophy of mind. Certainly background noise on IQ and mortality theory might lead one to hypothesise similarly on background odour. I really gotta chill it out on fleek I flash back to Dottore Stephen Grant the biologist and President Thomas Felix Rosenbaum by the Caltech basketball court back when Sicko Mode was bumping. I really gotta stop spasming out in public bro in 1000 days I might have a baby boy Nikola Ilic shieeet thasss on my momma on God on fleek doe and so like it really do be on lock doe doh a mellow Gold role model chick. Bro if I ran into Dottore Yuefang Zhou on the street while wearing my aluminum foil hat and Ray Bans I would smile at that mother.

"
A little bit lost and a little bit lonely
Little bit cold here, a little bit of fear
But I hold on and I feel strong
And I know that I can
I'm getting used to it
Lit the fuse to it
Like to know who I am
I've been talking to myself forever, yeah
And how I wish I knew me better, yeah
Still sitting on a shelf and never
Never seen the sun shine brighter
And it feels like me on a good day
I'm a little bit hemmed in
A little bit isolated
A little bit hopeful
A little bit calm
But I hold on and I feel strong
And I know that I can
I'm getting used to it
Lit the fuse to it
Like to know who I am
I've been talking to myself forever, yeah
And how I wish I knew me better, yeah
Still sitting on a shelf and never
Never seen the sun shine brighter
And it feels like me on a good day
"

	Housing Noise Factors

How to design a neighbourhood streets structure given a geography and topology with the target goal of maximising aggregate housing prices or land lots values? Interesting to note optimal routes via primary feeder roads in the context of my own childhood home house perhaps having people to the Left driving up to the Left and people on the Right driving up to the Right thus implying that medians and cul de sacs are potentially very quiet lots with respect to passing traffic minimisation. Will add as an aside to Productivity.txt.

	To Be Earplugged Or Not To Be Earplugged, That Is The Question

Unclear, low information, esoterique neurology is not a well understood science and the partial deafness and hearing loss literature is extremely lacking in the context of low odour sensory environments and thus I dunno we shall see how I am feeling and performing.

	IO Completion Target 2024

Seems plausible given compensation, construction loan structures, and land prices in e.g. the Dripping Springs region.

	You Don't Have A Right To Believe Whatever You Want To - Aeon

"You take the Blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the Red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes".

	The Requiem For A Dream

God save us, everyone
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns?
For the sins of our hands, sins of our tongue
The sins of our Father, the sins of our young
God save us, everyone
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns?
For the sins of our hands, sins of our tongue
The sins of our Father, the sins of our young
We knew the world would not be the same
Few people laughed, few people cried, most people were silent
I remember the line from the Hindu scripture, the Bhagavad-Gita
Vishnu is trying to persuade the prince that he should do his duty
And, to impress him, takes on his multi-armed form and says:
"Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds"
I suppose we all thought that, one way or another

	"Background Malodour Minimisation" Redux

I intend to attempt to navigate maximally remote via legitimate medical and disability routes. The claim is that reducing background malodour by oh say factors of ~10^9 or whatever have you lead to a discrete phase transition in a variety of phenomena. For example the modern normie skin organ sticky skin perceptions may cease. Anxiety, depression, adrenaline, noradrenaline, brain organ health long run, neurology, skin organs, neurosteroids, steroids, organs, etc. etc. dunno it was not quite clear, technical, precise enough to my readership where IO and epsilons > 0 occur and who has edges in modern "paleo" health isms, studies, Dottores Scott Alexander Siskind and Oliver Sacks and so on and so on. This comes into "aromatherapy" potential woo trash garbage, norming, and suspicions or partial non caring about ostensible alleged supposed purported reported qualiae, phenomenology, subjective wellbeing. It is tricky to estimate the impact of Productivity.txt and IO.txt in terms of my magnanimity or how these writings will be viewed in retrospect in say 20 or 50 years by whom.

	Egoism Of Others And Oneself

I intend to be a reportedly chill mellow cool calm on topic delightful treasure pleasure treat joy to work with.

	Neurological Problems

Really "downright nightmarish" stuff can happen in a heart beat if you mess around with potent biological hacking in the form of maximum earplugs and some fragrance or chemical transfer occurs in a communal laundry setting. So happy to soon be in a nice quiet rented house Proto IO 2. I know this is well documented as a common source of problems and harm and I am not the first nor shall I be the last to document some sorts of technical wet ware errors which can occur.

	Above And Beyond Gifted And Talented

More funny memories.

	"When you go fishing, you can catch a lot of fish, or you can catch a big fish." - "Sean Parker", The Social Network

Keep my 5 trillion little low hanging fruits observations, pointing at phenomena, and jokes to my private Diary. Might consider putting out my 20 pages tightly edited "Rank 1" The Social Network art film commentary at some point. Probably not. It is incentivised biased depositions and faulty human memories.

	Taking The Red Pill: Science, Philosophy, And Religion In The Matrix

I keep most Notes private but this book is absofudginglutely fantastic. Contains a womb to tomb invocation 1 year prior to the public release of the Cloud Atlas book. Robin Hanson. Draws a number of parallels, connections, references, and critical talking and contemplation points. 10/10. Life changing textual experience. I really thought to think about how thoughtful the cogito noodle is really for real for real. My super duper wooper Red pilled status is on the nother mooudder fudging level finally I see the crystal clear True True with mine turd eye of Trooth.

	Boston Suburbs And Land Acquisition

Fascinating, fascinating, fascinating topic. Yikes taxes.

	Planning, Deliberation, And Delayed Gratification

Potentially deep parables re my sneers on COVID-19 and the quantitative numerics of 4 Dimensional Chess Game Of A Long Life playing, strategy, or implicit capture of "Rationality" and "utility function"s.

	No More Writing On Race, Racism, Gender, Sexism, Sexuality Draft 2

I aspire to no longer joking about race. No more bringing up any of this stuff. It is somewhat ontologically suspicious as a category bucket anyways and skin colour and string next to "race" on government forms is quite obvious often and does not add to a good experience to others. Less Kritikal Race Theowie and "scientific racism". We are one race, the human race species. Sometimes compassion for all of my "brothers, sisters, and siblings". No more "Judeo Christian" "slurring" like "Hellish". Keep it all 100% in the clear professional diplomatic Newspeak Politickally Correct linguo. As I said I mean I personally aspire to not using "bro", "man", or "dude" at the workplace as it is in fact fundamentally exclusionary and outgrouping towards the females there in that setting and I instead opt to using first names only. I love love love that stuff though in private.

	Final Thoughts On The Day 2022-08-07

Fun working hard trying hard taking myself seriously. Again there is a huge difference between being an atheist with .txt copies of the King James Bible and the Vulgate on my machines and a member of a modern church community. In terms of the actions of the Roman Catholic church it is an interesting topic for my Diary. Family planning via cycle tracking is a very legitimate functional strategy which many people use seriously. Dunno that anyone really cares how deep into "Red tribe" esthetics I am.

	Memorising 200 Books On Software Engineering

"Kids' stuff." Eh? Not really so trivial per se. Deeply fascinating meaty meaty meaty meat in this corpus and perhaps my research mathematics non career has reached its final ultimate terminus halting point. "In this moment, I am euphoric. Because, I am enlightened by my own intelligence." Sometimes I imagine my Westlaker "brothers" laughing at me. I ought to compose a program which instantly converts Simplified English into maximally ridikulus vocabulary signaling pretentious internet oddtist poetic rambling rants complete with "synonym" enumeration in other languages... but seriously though I need to knock it off and keep it as simple as possible but no simpler!

	"Everybody Want World Peace" Errrm California Institute Of Technology Reflections

Oh gee I mean on this fine day I realise I dunno in terms of accurately modeling people functionally I ought to cease it with the Rationalist linguo. If I were asked to describe the scholar Dean Kevin Gilmartin I might say that if he were in the mood he could perhaps tell you many many many many many facts about reaction, history, philosophy, and the Roman Catholic church. I would not know what sort of queries Doctor Nets Hawk Hatz may be capable of responding to at his regularly scheduled programming office hours. What is there to be said really I mean I feel that I have done good in the world with my public web logging and Productivity.txt Notes for other biological hackers, anti psychiatrists, and those interested in cognitive performance to consider. No moral weight upon my chest, shoulders, soul, heads, knees, or toes. Ah yes love luxuriating cuddling up in some large .txt files on history at bedtime and I know my biological sister enjoys those "4 Exploration" games and my own "moral circle" is only so wide sometimes feels like just myself Truly.

	Human Centric Rhetoric Moving Forward

Absolutely no more sneering frankly I got Westlaker "brother and sisters and siblings". Some of them know much less maths than me but they also got iPhones with grocery lists, recipes, Wikipedia, ideas, and they can play ultimate frisbee, Amerikan Football, chill, drink, have sex, do drugs, whatever, and really are also a perfectly ledjitimate class of human and it is deeply wise to focus on happiness and being the best you you can be as trite and corny as that is and sounds I mean "stop lookin' at what you ain't got start being thankful for what you do got"...

	Processing Through Most Of > 10000 Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Google GlassDoor Tasks

"Kids' stuff."

	What Was Revealed In Inanity.txt

As a child I had some misunderstanding about the functioning of reality and how motivated actors choose to hop in the mix all the time and engage in propagating whatever it is that they want to propagate e.g. ideas about carnism and human population dynamics. You can dream big and affect desired change in the world at the margin. Some terribly inane stuff too. My Diary could seriously be Red flagged by some as "offensive" or "hypomanic" and thus really ought to be kept private in perpetuity. Comments on i.e. the pre eminent radical visionary genius Joanna Welsh, Chief Risk Officer at the Citadel firm, and her lifestyle head hairs style choices... this type of tier of .txt output... also an Amerikan power lifting record holder Rank 1 impressive "more power."

	The Fact Claims On Animals Memes On Reddit

As "the faith" becomes less popular I dunno for sure ongoing trends I see more and more grown adults prone to "cutesy" namings, framings, and anthropomorphisation of real depicted animals in strings and .txt output. One supposes that this perhaps leads to an increase in vegetarianism and veganism. It strikes some, even vegetarians and vegans, as kind of annoying and possibly missing the points about drawing a line, distinction, seriously on endogenous intelligence. Irrespective of axiological claims about the value of suffering. Many prefer beast, creature, biolgoical machine, dehumanising rhetoric. Obviously to many in my readership this is precisely the point where it is OK to them to use those sorts of strings like simply suggesting a dairy farm is a legitimate factory of production of dairy and it is OK to tool and use those biological machines in the way for the human health direction. Yeah I mean and this is where you tell the kid that in this nation state "under God" it is illegal to kill another human as is quite evident in those text files and this sorta kinda maybe has to do with the utterance of God in the Bible "thou shalt not kill" which we "understand" to mean in reference to fellow humans. Oy. Henceforth I shall use god in reference to the Greek gods in line with contemporary Judeo Christian writing style. I no longer sneer at the shared psychic mental cognitive energy of "our Father".

	Would X Classify An Idea Or .txt String As Useful, Helpful, Value Adding?

An OK litmus test for public content generation.

	L8 2000000/year Software Engineer

Minimise or fully end un strategic web logging.

	"The Truth Will Set You Free, But First It Will Piss You Off!"

- Gloria Steinem, Pharrell Lanscilo Williams, Lazar Michael Ilic

	Biological Ethics

Sonmi-451. I have already read ~2000 pages and will read ~10000 more. Many fascinating questions. Evolutionary teleology. Normality. Health. Harm prevention and risk mitigation. Hormonal birth control. Hair loss drugs. Tide and Febreeze. FDA. Over The Counter supplements regulation. Drogas. Lithium and Fluoride to public water supply? No. Organs. Studies.

	Dopamine Lit

"I don't really care about [others]." - Lupe Fiasco

Amazing awesome awe inspiring stuff coming from me, a somewhat "compassionate" "empathic" "sympathetic" atheist stimulant dopaminergic utilising "egoist" comrade Leftist Centrist male promoting Judeo Christian, conservative, evolutionary, and "paleo" "healthful" cognitive performance isms in public on the internet. Some would agree that God did not utter "thou shalt put Fluoride in the public water supply", others would mutter something about Chesterton's Fence and strong a priori beliefs against actions which might contain serious and severe downside risks, and yet others would assert that Lazar ought to get back to the incredibly first order useful task of memorising these tomes, scrolls, screeds, books on Software Engineering which he asserts in Interviews.pdf are so very fun fun fun! Flash back to Google Software Engineer X's eyeballs organs upon that hill and ingesting marijuana and beer at the Barton Creek Greenbelt as an ignorant child I mean: "Money's the motivation. Money's the conversation. You on vacation, we gettin' paid so we on paid-cation, I did it for the fam[ily]. It's whatever we had to do, it's just who I am. Yeah, it's the life I chose."

	Overcoming Status Quo Bias

Rank 1 Key Idea of Rationality and Inanity.txt

Probably possibly take maximum earplugs out if at an office or perhaps a quiet house.

	Your Book Review: Exhaustion

Another good example of trashy low brow Rationality web logging from Astral Codex X guest poster. biorxiv and Killing Us Softly by Dottore Mark Donohoe. This seriously comes into me asserting I have much more information than Dottores Scott Alexander Siskind and Geoffrey Miller and believe that the Multiple Chemical Sensitivity narrative is basically actually factually correct, modernity is trash and garbage for human health, and if we had Artificial General Intelligence and Fully Automated Luxury Communism we could all have very biologically superior home residential environments which would be much more healthful. No status quo bias, defeatism, descriptivism, apologism, "it is normal thus it is OK" shticks but of course in the struggle, suffering, and pain it is OK to be OK with oneself.

	Effective Altruism Numerics Of Impact

Frankly we need a policy maker in the United States Of Amerika government to pitch a new revamped campaign based around the string "Got Jogurt?" Complete with depictions of tons of smiling, happy, diverse kiddos. That would be pretty dope and lit frankly if we could get Britney Spears, Beyonce, Rihanna, Serena Williams, and Venus Williams to co sign it too like the famous "Got Milk?" one. I continue to insist despite strong evidence of Failure to produce elite mathematics research that I am a genuine "pre eminent radical visionary genius ideator."

	Chrome Browser Extension Idea Part 2

Might co opt that idea from the New News ideation sessions and not only omit all gender pronouns but also all race and racial slur strings. I personally do not want to see "goy" or "gentile" in my information feeds any more for it naueseates, agitates, outgroups, and triggers me a ton. In terms of my own "freak" extremal statistical outlier rhetoric maybe chill but Usain Bolt and Dottore Scott Aaronson actually factually fit in that classification scheme not me. Dottore Scott Aaronson's surely metaeuphoric "L3 cache" brain organ system performance is better than mine. I am free to read 100000 pages on Biological Ethics try and become a world leading expert on that and even attempt to outperform Nicholas Bostrom in the public written records as a ledjitimate "thinker" but 1000000/year Software Engineer seems cooler for me and my "utility function".

	What Is A Woman? - Matt Walsh

Low brow, trash, garbage rhetoric expected from this firm. Ignores the qualiae of Male to Female transgender people in favour of focusing on the feelings of heterosexual males and J. K. Rowling.

	Alibaba Global Mathematics Competition Invite To 杭州 Hangzhou

I rejected the offer this time around due to health concerns. Maybe go later in life on my own yacht or private jet [espcially if it is like BassHunter a "PrivJet Россия" and "Я люблю Pусских девушек" just kidding "I don' got no type"]. Especially if I Rank 1 the Alibaba Global Mathematics Competition.

	"Radical Centrism" - Samuel Burd, PhD Graduate Student At The University Of Chicago Kenneth C. Griffin Department Of Economics

Provocateur and troll.

	Optiver Website Redesign

Very nice esthetic, colour hexes, Reds, minimal digital arts.

	Quitting C4 Original Watermelon Blow For The Timebeing

Alterations in my background malodour have led to me feeling it is now anti productive, harmful, and potentially neurotoxic. The setting is critical. Dopamine Lit is dopamine lit and adrenergic shit posting is adrenergic shit posting. Drogas, Drogas. Do not want to be like Justin Timberlake, Losing My Way. Named after a neuro logical explosive.

	Beyond Order Endorsed By Skrillex Sonny Moore Also Known As Beethoven 2.0

Do not carelessly denigrate social institutions or creative achievement.
Imagine who you could be and then aim single-mindedly at that.
Do not hide unwanted things in the fog.
Notice that opportunity lurks where responsibility has been abdicated.
Do not do what you hate.
Abandon ideology.
Work as hard as you possibly can on at least one thing and see what happens.
Try to make one room in your home as beautiful as possible.
If old memories still upset you, write them down carefully and completely.
Plan and work diligently to maintain the romance in your relationship.
Do not allow yourself to become resentful, deceitful, or arrogant.
Be grateful in spite of your suffering.

	Compwexity Theowie

Fascinating. After more C++ study.

	Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drugs

On the consumer to not be ignorant. Yikeserino Amerikan health care system. It is Right here on Golden days where I could find myself contemplating orations and .txt files produced by the University Of Texas At Austin and the Liberte Institute whilst I am in the aeternal fraternite counting all of this money perhaps I ping back Dottore Geoffrey Miller re his Twitter query re the David Foster Wallace query on sitting with 1 painting for 1 hour and we discuss chit chat La Liberté guidant le peuple in the context of Viva La Vida Prospekt's March and modern normie Judeo Christian esthetics. "I feel freeee!"

	The Outsider Functionalist Reductionistic Perspective Of Course

A General Artificially Intelligent agent might "observe" humans, some of whom will produce large orations on the topic of preferences and values. Claim to only care about qualiae and hedons from human biological substrates.

	High Frequency Trading C++

Effective C++. A stack of 100000 examples of parallel and other concrete real world tasks and famous canonical algorithms. Projects.

	Puzzles, "Impressive" Latencies And Accuracies, Poker, Trading, Day By Day Actions Of Building Something

Puzzles are a technical skill but firms may want to observe the production of large volumes of relatively high quality performant C++ codes too. This C++ Template Metaprogramming text looks interesting and useful.

	Value Judgements

I read biorxiv so headlines on gut micro biomes in e.g. The New York Times or BBC Diet strike me as lowkey non sequitur. "Good" or what precisely was measured. As I said in Inanity.txt lifestyle is poorly understood.

	Whiskers And Body Hairs

Modernity, "beauty norms", "esthetics", "nubility", popular mass media television and cinema ideology in Amerika. "Health" and "strong robust meat eating low anxiety high libido girls". It is genuinely very pheontypically common, normal, seen by many as healthy.

	Common Knowledge

A mathematician can produce and present some corpus and then a firm can execute a few O[1] queries and observe and record their performances upon that time and day.

	Nikola Ilic Credences

> 0.9 on existence and producing > 100 citations as well as Top 100 in United States Of Amerika maths contests performances.

	All Of This Brain Organ Writing

I hypothesise that Computer Science instructors drawing metaphors between various caches and levels of Random Access Memory with the actual functioning of human brain organ memory leads to more undergraduates reporting the perception that machines executing .py .txt generation files are "conscious" in their subjective perception. And Rationality web logging has caused this trend in large part. An EECS principles based computer machine system is a computer and a human brain organ is a human brain organ. Yikes. Lotta cringerinos around. In terms of this I mean oh gee we do not understand human brain organs but the metaphor is something like your Government teacher has a note in his "L1 cache" to look at his Calendar and there is a lesson plan pointing to some Notes and then he stores some Notes in his "L2 cache" for the day and walks into a classroom and utters those. And this is how that teacher functions in this system to a first order approximation. Some of the kiddos will remember his utterances for life, others 10 seconds, and others will not even be paying attention at the outset of his oration. And this is a first order model of information transfer between the brain organs of the humans present but this is all just come metaphor ism which ought to be avoided. It is not really the business of the students if that same instructor has many terabytes of popular rap musique lyrics in his "Genius" "Solid State Drive". This is the actual thing though the actual accurate description of what might happen and the instructor might quite literally and honestly tell you that the moment the bell rang they managed to rapidly forget delete whatever it was anyways and move on with their routine simple lifestyle as a free Amerikan earning a compensation of $50000 and then went to the grocery store with their shopping list on their iPhone SE or whatever. Esthetes will write on sub liminal minutiae of facial tics and skin organs or whatever in the flesh in the resolution of reality qualiae hedons the es the esthetic experiential aspects of it all being human. Maybe it is OK to try and like communicate key ideas to Computer Science students about caches but like as long as they understand it is just a metaphor. In terms of the Rationalist functionalist dehumanised Red pilled The Matrix egoistic world view I mean this is it. Reality is largely discrete and one can query humans on tasks and memory recall functions at various time points and measure and record their performances. Explaining this stuff to kiddos yeah yeah Dottore Lex Fridman it is controversial and all the real reality of psycho metrics but for example I have captured measurements of like 70 year old PhDs in Westlake who can certainly function to function in trivia games settings and hold a 12 digit number string in their head for >30s perhaps via internal monologue looping rather than say a "mind palace".

	Brain Organ

If I had to re write "The Man Machine" from Inanity.txt I would omit metaphor. Stick to simple True facts. Many Rationalists on the Street and middle schooler Westlakers can orate > 10 "precomputed thoughts" on this topic. E.g. we can rapidly enumerate facts about diet, Omega 3, saturated fats, absorption, uptake, processing enzymes, electrolytes, Magnesium, vascularity, various regions. Perhaps "sister" Dottore Shravika Lam could enumerate a trillion and get compensated a gazillion and we could chuckle keep it chill True Real logical about Oliver Sacks's bibliography, esoterique neurology, as well as the clown Dottore Jonathan Haidt. I am not totally sure how many serious people seriously give an ounce of a poo about Johann Friedrich Karl Ass Burger. The technical fact is there exist bacteria on my window pane causing an alteration in the air micro biome as well as agonism of receptors in my nose brain organ increasing downstream stressors and e.g. neurotoxins as well as the ever present suboptimal modernity particles I am ingesting via my skin organ harming and impairing my kidneys and liver functioning. And this is happening all of the time and that is the True True accurate model of reality and Biology 101 functioning which some lack. It is not merely some "predictive processing engine". It is actually more a piece of BioEECS wet ware "thinking meat" located inside of a skull bone in a human biological organism and I aspire to cutting out the metaphor isms which might lead to misunderstandings about computation, consciousness, qualiae, hedons, and so on and so on.

	Technicality Over Metaphor Or Partially Malformed English

An example would be how I choose to represent "Judeo Christian writing" rather than "Judeo Christian thought" for I do not pretend to have access to the "thought" of Others. I really genuinely deeply aspire to very flagrantly crystal clear technical communications with minimal loss or ambiguity. Different people express their feelings in different ways but a Rationalist or lawyer might classify "thought" as a "psychotic kind of pretentious tossy wanky way of pretending one understood the brain organ of the .txt outputter". This is really nitpicky and I am not trying to be harsh or criticise Others' usage of the English language or perhaps strategic rhetoric here but I would prefer that e.g. Benjamin Shapiro omit "I think" as it sounds weak but might represent "I have a deeply reflected 'precomputed thought' here".

	"Healing The Wounded Western Mind" - Mark P Xu Neyer [apxhard]

Maybe keep my criticism and Rationality readings private but this type of writing is cringe to the maximum degree. Classic low brow Rationality. Brains are not computers. There do not exist 2 important subsystems. You can separate facts and preferences with credences and predictions. The "Devil" is bad writing style in 2022. "Literally Everything Is At Stake" causes the readership to refer the writer to a psychologist. I do not intend to do "internet trash talking" but this is thing itself in terms of communication norms inside the "Rationality" community nowadays it is a lot of poetry and metaphor which could really strike some observers as ignorant "psychosis" of a severely seriously illiterate and uneducated human.

	Mandarin Endearing And Loving Phrases From Fathers To Daughters

Useful.

	"Irony" And "Jokes Are Serious" Perceptions Or "Contradictions"

Some internet commentariat seem to think there is something "funny" about the anti sex pro violence Amerikan Right esthetic. I struggle to understand this. I am not personally that into violent cinema or literal guns but one can meet these people, they really do exist yes and sex is sex and violence is violence. Egoism is genuinely an unironically legitimate poetic position in the United States Of Amerika 2022 and is funda mentally a wee bit "dehumanising" perhaps in the eyes of some but is Acceptable to Others.

	Tyler Cowen And Slavoj Zizek

I strongly disagree with Tyler Cowen on drugs policy, despite perhaps being a talented "weirdo" "drugs" user. Agree with Tyler Cowen that Slavoj Zizek demonstrates some learned helplessness and monotony in his feeds diet. Sobriety probably leads to outperformant pre frontal cortex and higher level cognitive outcomes.

	"Beware Sacred Cows"

Agree. Family, birth, edjumucation, health, musique, art, research. Isms. Focus on upstream economics. Prediction markets are useful for human and non human decision and policy makers.

	Is This Useful Or Mathematically Insightful?

Litmus test for high quality content generation only.

	I Do Not Care How High You Are

Another solid meme. Plenty of people on the Street might report feeling "atmospherically stratospherically high on coffee" in private but function to stick to work related topical, actual factual matters in a cool, calm, precise, technical, disciplined way whilst policing their language expression. No "agape", "brother", "our sibling", "brotherhood", "fraternal", "ach", "brat", "brojim" errrm "broheim"/"broheem".

	It Is In A Book The Reading Rainbow

Solid meme.

	Benjamin Shapiro

One of the more logical, literal, factual, textual Rightist rhetoricians in books.

	Egoism

Perhaps I previously had a different perception of strings such as "a mathematician is a machine converting coffee into .tex".

	Psychedelics

A male undergraduate X aged 19 years old awaken in a mediocre apartment and chooses to ingest "4-AcO-DMT". 6 hours later X reports a "spiritual experience". Functionally perhaps X will engage in more novel ideation and experimentation in the future but the long run effects of psychedelics and ecstasy legalisation policies are unclear.

	Describing Things From The Outside, Showing Not Telling

A male human X wakes up at 03:00. X is shivering a little bit. X ingests C4 Original Watermelon Blow in a dark room. X then reports non trivial anxiety, neurological problems in the sense of perceived kind of electrolytic twitchings and chest tightness, mild respiratory and cardiovascular perceptions. Funda mentally X takes a poo poo and the lack of effective ventilation in X's bath room leads to malodourous air in X's bed room. This causes further agitation and anxiety and gets all over X's bedding, skin organ, and armpits' skin organ. X then has a hard time focusing on work and has gained ~5lbs in the last 30 days. X's window and bedding both have become more malodourous in the past 30 days as well. So X's relative qualiae and reported subjective sense of wellbeing have been on a down trend and productivity has also been down. Long run brain organ outcomes may also be down. X might soon be productively standing in an office or sitting with OK air and the lights and sounds and coworkers might lead to an overall improvement in baseline mood and hedonic tone. X sees that most critically X is supposed to function as a useful helpful biological machine producing Output of .txt, .cpp, .py, .tex and not publicly executing whining or offensive computations.

	Avoiding Pronouns Entirely

Seems like a good strategy. Somewhat novel. Certainly rejects all desired pronouns and gender constructions entirely including "non binary". But the cognitive effect of not having pronouns next to names strings of course is the entire point here insofar as the intentional sort of a construction of rhetoric and communicative "thought" or .txt itself is concerned. Dunno how tricky it would be to compose a program to expunge pronouns entirely from a corpus and either fill in or suggest best fits for those locations in text files if say one wanted to retro actively create a cloned corpus copy free of pronouns entirely. Or "they/them/their" though ambiguous pointer references will be created with that one simple trick. Code up a Google Chrome browser extension Gender Pronoun Free.

	Synaptic Pruning Literature

Interesting in the context of my .txt Output. ARL at the Summer Program On Applied Rationality And Cognition.

	Multi Armed Bandit Cases

Literature. Examine cases such as given that it is a uniformly random permutation of the n uniform distributions on [0,1], [0,2], ..., [0,n] what sort of information can be discovered in how many queries? To deduce the permutation? Expected runtime algorithm?

	"Human Legible" "Human Explainable" Argumentations Or Facts Sequences

Perhaps that Kaggle on rhetoric and argument is interesting. Maybe one can study comments sections and infer something about structures which people might at least instantly agree with in a sorta kinda System 1 way and classify these structures. I know that I once output a sorta kinda "boring neo liberal" line to a "socialist" which had to do with potentially un rousing sequence that could be converted into something like:

I remember getting my film developed at the South Austin CostCompany.
It took a lot of time and energy and the results are OK.
I now have a "multi trillion megapixel" camera on my iPhone SE.
Luxury consumer technology goods like the Apple MacBook Pro 16.2in monitours.
Therefore "friendly competition" is good in markets.

Or it was something like this I would now classify as extremely dreck, banal, lacking insight, and frankly nearly empty headed insofar as actual market structure and comprehension is concerned. Dunno about college kids, ignorant undergraduates, and their Not Even Wrong or Wrong poetry.

In terms of the Irrationality on display on Reddit it is the True True real accurate model of reality I mean people will bite on a sequence like:

X shot up a school.
X owned 10 bottles of toothpaste.
Therefore X is a so called "creepy weird male shmautist".
X's choice to own few assets is different and "disgusting, repulsive, outgroup to the maximum degree, gross".

	Fly By Rachel Yun Zhang

Further reflected.

	Rationality Writing Style

Interesting from Victoria Xia: "Victoria Xia is former math olympian turned software engineer. In her former life she was a 2-time Gold Medalist at each of the China Girl's Math Olympiad [2011, 2012] and the European Girl's Math Olympiad [2012, 2014]. She's most likely found out in nature, on the tennis court, or curled up on the couch with a book". Nerds, books, .txt files, and quantities of facts known. I aspire to factual framings, legalese, and outputting .txt which would strike even one of these mathematicians who insist on outputting .txt on "philosophical zombies" as well formulated. Hoping to do the day by day actions which might lead to coworkers outputting .txt such as "I observe Lazar is calm, focused, disciplined, peaceful, and tersely communicates useful information to me when we interface on critical important tasks and topics". Some Rationalists seem to write that they understand human brain organs on a much deeper structural or predictive level than they really do due to reading biorxiv and Peven Stinker's and Daniel Dennett's bibliographies but now I perceive that even "line of thought" is not so well formulated and perhaps "interal monologue" is a little better. I aspire to being more technical so something like: "Nets Hawk Katz thought that applying X technique to Y task was a good idea" now strikes me as rather woo and "Nets Hawk Katz orated on the X technique and the Y task" is a little bit more descriptive, actual factual, and superior in describing an accurate model of reality and the situation to the readership. The verb "thought" is a rather deeply suspicious one in the English language as is the noun "idea" though the latter functions communicatively in .txt. Kiddos who study Lincoln-Douglas Debate or purport to have the technical skill of discussing psyche may suggest Nets Hawk Katz could potentially have been a mala fide actor with intent to deceive over a partially mutually exclusive economically beneficial ArXiV activity and was leading Lazar astray knowingly and willingly.

	Reflecting Further On Writing

Some would output .txt and assert that they do not know what a "trance, rush, thrill of low latency competitive programming mind sport For The Win esque" means. Many in my readership may output .txt and classify this string as the sort of Not Even Wrong poetry I ought to omit in future writings and .txt compositions. A lawyer may output .txt on the existence of some written records and server pings.

	The Task

Produce optimal output and signals. What the firm wants from you. Simulate a large set of humanity and their potential reactions to your .txt output and cease offending potential future coworkers.

	Facts

Human memory is faulty and one on ones or meetings are questionable qualitative ways to make decisions. Engaging in Not Even Wrong poetry, value judgement laden commentary, and so on and so on... the lesson of the Telephone game is that communication is very tricky and I want to really emphasise the facts in a crystal clear technical way so from now on e.g. IQ is a clear reference to a score measured on an actual IQ test, nothing more, nothing less, it is precisely that cognitive performance metric, and any inference is on the reader.

	No More "Qualiae"

It communicates very little information to the readership frankly and ought to not be used along with "psych" woo babble strings like "shmautism", "intelligence", "g", when more technical communication is superior such as: person A obtained prescription pharmaceutical B at time C after an oral representation to doctor D.

	Hyper Predictable Coworker

I think being as predictible as possible and sticking very simply to the most useful, direct, work related topics is a good idea. Quiet, calm, cool, serious, disciplined, peaceful.

	"By Definition" And "Functionally Implies An Observer Might Output"

I might throw up some more unoffensive Parenting Notes drafts soon to give potential mates and others an idea for the sort of rhetoric I might unironically endorse in my home schooling with my kiddos. Mostly free from my esthetic and value judgements and perceptions as I am somewhat curious as to how my kiddos will act and perceive the structure of reality without the psychic energy of public schooling "community" e.g. focus on structures and True facts.

	Facts Over Feelings

I aspire to simply stating facts so that my writing will strike the reader as mostly neutral. No more "disgusting, repulsive, dreck, trash, garbage, etc.", instead "I observed that girl X chose to live in a home residential environment full of suboptimal stressors which cause relative cognitive dysfunction and worse reproductive outcomes".

	Puzzles

Perhaps I will try hard and yet never produce strong mathematical research or clear 100 citations. But some will still truly think my puzzles technical skill is itself impressive and I may one day soon have 10 or 20 1st Solves. I will not represent it as "trivial" for it is by definition elite and exclusive though it sometimes feels effortless, easy, and natural to me of course the rush, thrill, trance of the low latency For The Win esque mind sport.

	Background Prerequisite Reading Sneer [?]

I contend that to begin to comprehend the bare base minimum of Rationality Twitter requires seriously parsing one's way through the logical arguments of ~25 books which appear for free on the Library Genesis platform system and being capable of lowkey passing quizzes on their content. Many in the so called "community" have verifiably Failed to do that.

	Dating Mating Profile Draft

[Might cold email[s] then post on Art Of Problem Solving, Art Of Problem Solving Facebook Group, Astral Codex X]

I am 35 years old, retired, and live in a house named "IO". I want to reproduce soon and home school our children. I enjoy a simple lifestyle and like intelligent 23-26 year olds with low anxiety and high libido, especially STEM graduate students [>50 citations] and those with a strong background in maths competitions [Gold Medal, >= 11 on the AIME].

	Suicidality Follow Up Thought

Maybe co opting that public source of information leak and conscious or sub conscious someone could take the time to code up a script which will ping friends if a friend is listening to a lot of tracks classified as "suicidal". Perhaps ping a married husband if his wife the mother is listening to a lot of tracks which feature the lyrics about the rapper being a "mother fucker". Could be a signal she is cheating and unfaithful. Wild thought.

	B⚠NNED 10 Years Later Reflections

Should keep this type of content to my Diary but humorous... 2012-08-01. Of course the background here is that Flosstradamus was apparently Banned by the Chicago Police Department:

"
BAD NEWS: so CPD is saying our set at West Fest almost caused a riot so they've had us removed from the @maddecent Block Party in Chicago.
11:52 AM · Jul 29, 2012 · Echofon
"

	Unipolar New World Order Government

I dunno it is quite easy for some of us in the internet commentariat to feel that if the world is soon under one nation state... offensive to state the hypothesis quite clearly from my own subjective vantage point one would suppose that 中国 is performing highly at producing members of the literati and cognitive elite in the upper echelons of the ivory towers. I now have very severe fundamental foundational irreconcilable axiomatic and axiological differences with most modern humans and normies so I really ought to keep my political and philosophical thought private. Especially with Judeo Christian invocations of "God, "Jesus", "brother", "sister", and gendered Latin and Greek nouns currently being out of fashion.

	Vegetarian Propaganda

Yeah might keep these drafts over in the relevant Projects folder but I think it would be interesting to try and track real values and proxies for sreen resolution, monitours, hours per day exposures, overall image files exposures, as well as general animal image files and pro vegetarian sentiment. Might also be Good to analyse the efficacy of like carnist memes and informational web logs with claims about "health" and "cognition" which strike me as well formulated and reasonable.

	Animal Memes

I am kind of interested in tracking over time the front page of Reddit and just what kind of exposure people are having to animal memes and image files. I know that I often see the so called "cute" ones and sometimes mommy mothers animals and like still think maybe some people dunno just how much affection healthy mothers be feeling towards their young and kin and offsprings.

	Corpus Vocabulary

I kind of want to measure how repetitive language usage is in my own corpus. Think that if one tried to correlate "IQ" or something you might find I was in fact very very very repetitive and prone to using the same words over and over whereas others in superior cognitive conditions and environments might display more peacock tail plumage in that domain. I mean I kind of want to like fucking spot check dudes like Taleb really try and see what the Right tail outliers are and like come up with some posterior based on an actual underlying memory model for the proposition that the author did in fact consult a massive book corpus of like Latin and French phrases in the construction of their own massive .txt output.

	Impending Suicide Death Detection

Seems like an important task someone ought to get around to doing better upon.

	1 Simple Trick To Boost Your "IQ" By X Points

Funny advertising which I was exposed to as a young child on the internet. I uh think it would be humorous on an Astral Codex X post on nootropics or biological hacking. I would suppose that my lifestyle to a generic undergraduate could in fact easily confer on the order of 15 points sorta kinda no lie directly measured after 12 months. Interesting numeric claim to make because it sort of gives a hand wavey upper bound estimate on how much of a drop or hit I will take to subjective wellbeing if I move into an office job position.

	Sorting

Could be nontrivial papers to compose in this domain about various algorithms under assumptions about just how sorted the input array is or is expected to be.

	Being Dumb, Stoopid, Ignorant, Always Hungry, Always Learning And Growing

Just because something is trite... interested in IBM and Wimbledon Artificial Intelligence and sports statistics datasets. Anyways it was just last night I finally fucking realised that not only is the literal tennis table structure very important for legs and visually, but it is often in regulation play Dark Blue with a Red floor of the precise size and dimensions. Dunno about how Bright White the ball is or background colours. Funny stuff, thinking about knees, upper legs, and sports like say womens' singles badminton.

	London Personal Income Taxes

Maybe I ought to keep this one to a pseudonymous Crazy Lilac Rationality web log but one ought to consider Boris Johnson and like how to navigate anonymous Ethereum wallets such that one can defraud and commit tax evasion upon the United Kingdom England and United States Of Amerika government and retire younger somehow I mean... Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, I'm just tryna protect my stacks, Rick Ross done told me that, these ninjas tryna hold me back, lo/no! Consider costs of living, bank loans structures, IO timelines. One can post tax filings along with donations in public.

	Jane Street Puzzles And IBM Research Ponder This Release Notifications

	https://www.janestreet.com/puzzles/current-puzzle/

It would actually be super simple to write up a script to ping the server say 1/minute and ping me when a Delta occurs I mean when a change happens. On IBM when the 404 switches to a puzzle appearing. I am still fiending for that first 1st.

	Datasets On Neighbourhoods And Economics Outcomes, Mobility

Of course it is quite surprising to see that most from the hood, from the projects, from the Lost Creek do not in fact go on to make it to the super big buckeroonies so ha there is that. Reference class. Those dreams sometimes come True I guess.

	Quantitative Researcher Projects

Gee I am going to go view like 10000 projects and then make a few of my own here shortly I think in the Projects folder or Mid Brow Statistiques folder. Maybe try and literally do some image, uh, errm, figure out some way to contemplate colour, typefaces, font size, what portion of a webpage is text boxes, perhaps modify based upon some score produced from image files, throw some sentiment analysis from image files in the mix with text sentiment analysis in models for whatever from the News in the Trading contexts.

	Folders Of Artists' Portfolios Generator

Thinking about a prediction task of say Non Fungible Tokens artwork digital files sales price got me thinking again about copyright on photography and the lack of an easy way for me to download say relatively high resolution images of an entire portfolio sorted chronologically and with perhaps good meta too like name/title of piece, as well as perhaps sales history. In any case now with raw text from a website or visual image machine learning it should be easy to write up a script to do this and toss out duplicates... maybe maybe maybe dunno how web scrapers go with raw text from the website to exclude random pictures of like the artist themself but want art and maybe restrict to first 1000 pages of Google image search results. Or consult those other art datasets from sources and that Ching-Yun Hsu web log post who knows.

	Map Colouring Games

Fascinating literature.

	Particle And Anti Particle Annihilation

Interesting. Game Theoretic analysis of that troops stars application game on my to do list.

	Program To Push Folder To Github

Would be useful. For non Linux too via the desktop website platform system.

	Poker Player Live "Reading Skill" Analyses

I want to collect a large dataset of tracked live poker hands, and track just how outperformant players are when they largely deviate from a precomputed theoretical sort of "Game Theoretic Optimum" for live play in some reference class or on some other dataset. In particular the idea is that sometimes players make moves one would otherwise think of as kind of wonky donkey donk air headed but it looks on television like they actually had some sort of an edge from a sick live read so I want to know if Igor Kurganov e.g. is actually one of the Greatest Of All Time live "mentalists".

	How Many Subsets Of n-ominoes Permit Regular Planar Tilings?

Related to the 2022-06 IBM Research Ponder This task.

	"Autism" Slurring

Frankly it has been used by a ton of ignorant undergraduates who are out of touch with the medical reality of this real condition, and I know that some think it is OK or even uplifting to think of themselves as like "high functioning autism" but it has also Truly been used by many extremely severely unintelligent uneducated University Of Texas At Austin undergraduates e.g. in a pejorative way towards significantly more intelligent, educated, detail oriented, technical, and logically aware people, primarily men.

	Diary And News Critically Reading Private

People can feel free to query me. Only push high quality content in public. Clear, delete my Github history, and perhaps make some edits to remove spammy comments in Notes documents for future readership.

	Optimal Background Colour For Zoom From Bed

I think that the Lilac works out pretty well and emphasises the Lilac tones in my own face. It is bright but not too bright, and ought to leave a positive emotive tone and memory in the viewership's mind.

	A Drunk Man Will Find His Way Home

Not sure what sorts of papers have been written up on the topic of other sorts of random walks in Z2 and when they do have a P=1 of returning or where threshold values are.

	Automated And Application For Temperature Control

I am not sure how precisely to optimise in Builder with respect to daily curves, and say humidity perception tracking if humidity is not easy to tightly control at all times.

	John Isner Versus Nicolas Mahut

Off the dome interview style one might Fermi estimate say 100 years of Wimbledon and 128 - 1 = 127 matches per is 12700 matches and say like even if it was a coin flip then [4 choose 2]/[2^4] go to a 5th set for obtaining the score of 2-2 after 4 sets. Then [10 choose 5]/[2^10] will be 5-5 after 10 games and then even say if the probability of pairing off the relevant game is a 0.9 advantage there is something like an expected number of matches going this long or longer to be ~ 1.53 so this is a really interesting spot to try and come up with a posterior on say the match being rigged and the players being in Kahoots to form a world record. Got me thinking about the precise details of claims about the most unexpected sporting statistics across all sports and like random pointless events captured in the Guinness World Records book which I viewed a few times as a child. Bad model.

	Auction Rigging

Consult the literature on the game theory, credence, optimality of actions and strategies say if one is bidding on one's own auction to price manipulate in this market.

	Simple Typeface Ideas

Forget what has been done before, been a long time since I deeply studied these. Would love to do simple lines, simple lines restricted to vertical and horizontal, as well as a restriction to circle arcs and lines.

	Wikipedia Quiz

Perhaps based upon local, Amerikan page views count... uh somehow use Natural Language Processing or human generated test questions perhaps multiple choice. Could give a very quick immediate little data point for a proxy of "generally half educated" in a formalised numeric notion. Could be a fun little one, I am a little curious about my own potential performance here which I know would be quite a lot worse really than plenty of "130 IQ" Westlakers in fact.

	538 Riddler Troops Allocation Task

I am not sure if this task has been resolved in the Game Theory literature. In a setting, there exist n discrete territories say with values. And each player can allocate their troops accordingly with the winner, judged under some metric, of each territory winning all of that territory's value. Worth examining coalition structures.

	The Boring Project

Perhaps frankly literally anything will fly to get me in for Quantitative Researcher or Software Engineer at a top trading firm at this point. Could demonstrate a bunch of Object Oriented Programming and principles maybe cook up like some lame exploration game something with maybe history and countries and like new countries and like I dunno trading and currencies foreign exchange between countries.

	Trading Computer Science Software Engineering Projects

I have observed many projects listed on Resumes and CVs which apparently rose beyond the level of utterly boring into slightly unboring enough... perhaps I can in fact soon get to crack a lacking and cook up some outperformant C for those Joshi tasks I left hanging a few months back and/or some linear algebraic parallel library.

	Tetris Game Theory

It is an interesting enough game, not in the combo setting but rather in the traditional Marathon setting or perhaps 40 Line clear setting under some metric where the earlier the line clears... really considering analysing the 5x10 well case with and without a variety of different bag settings and look ahead settings. Think the canonical bag and 5 look ahead might be interesting. Immediately the sort of 2^50*... positions suggests that a naive True full dynamic programming enumeration of states and state based action set analysis will not work out and so this particular task may be well suited for a little case study in Reinforcement Learning. Perhaps even this could constitute a cool little project or even a mediocre paper submission on say the sort of precise hand waved value evaluations of the look ahead feature function in strategy. Just how useful is it really? I was flashing back to the Tetris Effect from my youth and just how funny the latency is when you primarily feel like your conscious attention is exclusively on the look ahead bar. Also, could consider metrics in fact related to DAS, Delayed Automatic Shift, so that hypothetical key strokes are penalised. Dunno about 4 wide i.e. a 4x10 well. Maybe I can smash this out today and generate some nice graphics and visualisations, .gif files, .mp4 files even make it all look real good custom colours minimalism and everything and then yay maybe Neural Information Processing Systems will even take this type of esthetic garbage about such a deeply canonical and fascinating game and hoi polloi will love it and go wild and think I am what is litty lit lit and interesting and then choose to hire me finally yay list it as a Paper/Project. Nah but seriously for real maybe this is the Key Idea I need to secure the bag as a Quantitative Researcher or Algorithms Developer or whatever. Ensure to include memory of the bag used thus far in the state as well as say the T-spin move and similar moves in the transition function or else the hardcore observers will think it was a too casual paper and model. Unclear if a 0 bag game is worth analysing too. Metaphor to my life mane playing 4 Dimensional chess 5 trillion moves in advance. Rook to pawn To G69 and I end my move... I will vanquish thou at a children's dating mating genes game...

	Tron Light Bike And Snake Slither Games

Worth examining. Maybe we can also like study different coalitions teams with different speeds or functions. Discrete Z2 setting. Not even quite sure what has been said enumeratively about number of distinct paths or sets of paths from which starting points in which underlying points sets or asymptotics and comparisons. Simple setting of square and corner starting point. In the vein of that Inernational Mathematics Olympiad hook problem task composition technique of just enumerating anything and seeing where it goes to flip it into a paper submission to like the Electronic Journal Of Combinatorics if it gets mid or high brow enough.

	Front End Design On News Feed Application

I was thinking about about like colour hexes and Conrad Bassett-Bouchard. Now a User Experience Design Manager at Google. And the various things he did on the web log of theCollins Coalition at CoCo Scrabble. And Woogles.io. I might apply to Google Fi in fact but anyways thinking back to my News Feed application I want it to look really good. And be simple maybe simple horizontal rectangles and you click on the thing and it has all the raw .txt pre loaded 0 image files and then when you click it the .txt expands and then any relevant image files come in but it needs to have 0 latency on the .txt components in the feed. And maybe a summary up top to give the user the option to exit after reading that summary. In any case still working on some fundamentals and ideations for that project. And I want custom colour options but especially White on Black and Black on White as pre set button options for users. Call it New News.txt OK sketch this out a little further. I think I will pitch this 1 to Y Combinator right now cook it up mostly pro bono it just fuck it great idea.

	Statistical Learning And Inference Final Project Brain Storming

Analog to advertising where they maybe generate like 100 advertisements and then test iteratively to produce the best 1 maybe somehow try and take articles body texts to produce optimised Headlines for a news firm e.g. Kind of interested in predicting say views count from the body, or views count from the Headlines based on a more complete Headlines dataset, maybe this could be useful, maybe predict plays on YouTube films, Likes on Tweets, plays on Spotify system platform or whatever... dunno if this is all seriously well studied. Maybe simply hop in the mix on one of these Kaggle Deep Learning Tensor Graphics Processing Units tasks. Maybe there exist some bored YouTube or Spotify users and I could help them with playlist generation tasks.

	Natural Language Processing Text File Productions

This is the thing about an application right like OK we can provide OK book summaries to people who want to query a machine for an OK book summary. We have some online human generated sources on those topics. They communicate something about some possibly superficial depths of meanings, who can be quite sure or measure what. But if I am finna go on a nice little pleasant date with a girl say on a hike in New Braunfels and I want to read up on New Braunfels well I can read a ton of text files in advance. But I would kind of like my machine to know the words I had already read and then use that corpus in a trained way to produce for me a nice little 5 page summary which I could skim immediately prior to the date to really impress the chick and entertain her with random facts about the area I most liked.

	Podcast: The More Partially Examined Life

Maybe just start a little podcast here try and become mildly wealthy and extremely famous just get in the money off of a microphone and my own style of rapping ranting about whatever it is I think is funny or interesting in the news with my own oration analyses on the interconnected network try and pop off like Milo or Ben. Maybe I can just do Slavoj Zizek style ranting over clips from cinema and do little like 300s films on YouTube if I get a good microphone.

	Dr. Zarathustra Brady Logic And Satisfiability Literature

There existed some interesting papers and open tasks here which are certainly worth contemplating deeply at some point in time. In the mix to stew and brew upon if possible, unclear how much more background reading will be required or helpful.

	Lazar Ilic News .txt Aggregator

At some point I will definitely need to write up my own little script, natural language processing, to have a good set of 1000 headlines, as well as some selected paragraphs from say the top 100 articles of the day or so roughly and might post the code and output somewhere on my own personal Github page. This one is going to be a smash hit at the implicit name your price to opt in to pay I mean hit me at my Venmo any time to contribute to the funding of this poor struggling natural language processing artist. Miniature links for post facto clicking after skimming. Frequency, quantity, mix of "the news hoi polloi need not want", and also learning from their clicks.

	Metaculus Performance Hacking

Of course one ought to solve the News .txt Aggregator task and practice on an alternate first, produce robust performance, and then hop in the mix on the primary "Lazar" account. Read and scrape the entire site and run a variety of analyses on other users and auto analyses as part of maxing out the centaur style updating and post facto machine learning based "fixing" and automated updating prior to optimal perhaps latest time commit.

	Deep Learning

One task I thought maybe search a lower resolution image version for the lower resolution version of the target such that we are properly prone to overly matching and then execute further matching analysis upstream in those search regions of the higher resolution image.

There exist pre processing algorithms which can be executed upon a dataset pointset based upon X alone which may indicate that executing a k nearest neighbours or any variant thresholded functionised k nearest neighbours algorithm will be weaker e.g. one may think a degenerate case of a bunch of sets of k+1 close dudes is bad.

	Light Bike Game

Generalisations, graphs, game theory, combinatorics?

	IBM Research Ponder This Task

Sometimes one tries a natural lattice mesh of points, say to test some function, or inequality, or to randomly execute as starting points for a gradient descent. But, is there some smaller set, leading to more computational ease, which nevertheless performs highly on relevant queries for relevant data sets?

I would think that in the distribution it would make sense at the very least to have some distributions polynomially and exponentially approaching convex hull vertices and boundaries along various paths.

	Kaggle Upvoted Comments Analysis

Write up some natural language processing and a script to ping the Kaggle server to automatically take me from 5 bronze comments to 50 and hit the "Expert" rating on the platform.

	Betting Mechanism

If it was not written down for circumstances without markets or simply private individuals choosing to engage in this. I proposed that 2 parties, say 1 proposes to the other that they bet on an upcoming binary event using this mechanism. Then they can discuss a magnitude e.g. a simple negotiation hopefully leaking not too much information for a constant c. Then the mechanism itself simply consists of the 2 people simultaneously writing down a and b and then the bet is given by c*f(a,b) now for example one might hope to satisfy a variety of desiderata. If one uses f(a,b) is the natural simple bet with bettings odds implied at (a+b)/2 : 1-(a+b)/2 then for example perhaps some agents can be incentivized to write down true underlying credences and have a bet wherein the EV capture prior to updating on the new information is something or other. Now I mean the actual matters are the matters but I wanted to propose something where they aren't using a bet following a friendly and revealing discussion rather the 2 agents are interested in a kind of a "fair" way to immediately attempt to capture EV off of eachother say they both just think they have an edge or whatever.

	Another Natural Language Processing Thought

Maybe to help editors, myself included, of Wikipedia a simple trawl to collect potential blue link insertions in to articles so that Wikipedia becomes even more connected of a graph help give the reader more easy use value.

	Introduction To Introductions

I feel that quite a few people would really benefit from a big survey perhaps even with estimates on information and hours like not just a compilation of 10000 Wikipedia articles to read in one single text file but rather a sequence of theorems and definitions to give people some ideas about what is out there.

In terms of topic categories as a starting point: rationality books, economics, biology, maths, computer science, cities, great men, politics, classics, religion, mythology, scientists, food, art, countries, philosophy, etc.

	Anthropics

I pinged Robin Hanson prior to Grabby Aliens with the thought that our existence implies there was not a light speed expansive takeover singularity in the history of our light cone and that in conjunction with the age of the universe and perhaps the numbers on abiogenesis credence one would deduce a very low posterior on the probability of abiogenesis producing such a singularity and of course it would then follow that we don't have much evidence of being a particularly unusual instance of abiogenesis and thus our probability of producing such a singularity may be lower than thought a priori. In terms of "reference class"es my perception is that a large number of philosophers and thinkers are totally wonky wacky and out of touch with reality. They don't understand the philosophy of the mind, tbe brain organ, human diversity in terms of cognitive research. And they really lack an understanding of logic and computer science 101. A lot of not even wrong, just poo which is not well mathematically formulated at all really and precisification reveals just how empty and inane some of their textual strings are really.

	.mobi, .epub, .pdf to .txt File Conversion

So there exist many techniques such as calling the replace all function with line breaks, nulls, "PARAGRAPH", more line breaks in order to rapidly convert in to a legible .txt file of a book. But making this more automated would help some people. For example to rapidly produce these table of contents to notes .tex template files I use [ctrl c] [ctrl v] and then I call like 52 instances of replace all with " a" to " A" and "-a" to "-A" and then I replace all new lines with 3 new lines. Native .epub and .mobi to .txt file conversion can be very very good and it is worth trying multiple source files until producing a 0 error conversion and then calling the replace all function on "'" to "'" and """ to """ as desired e.g. one can even call on "Mr" to "Mr." and "Mrs" to "Mrs." etc.

	Simulating Debate, Rhetoric, Lincoln-Douglas 101, The Bare Base Minimum Ounce Of The Empathy 101 And Predicting Orations And Textual Output Of Humans

Not my primary task Right now. One could attempt to discuss "empathy" and "water" at length in a 500 pages long .txt file explaining the meaning of observed orations and how feelings and intuitions often guide humans in navigating their own 4 Dimensional Chess Games Of A Long Life without imparting too much value judgement. I dunno really the Software Engineering is what is important to me but one supposes that if X delivers an oration on dentristry say it perhaps implies that X has detected a potential technical skill of basically functionally memorising some useful corpus as well as undergoing some training and executing some day by day actions in that domain to get the associated sort of public written records compensation for that career path. In terms of non sneery internet psycho analysis of Aella Girl and Samo Burja it is basically impossible comes Right into "It Is In A Book The Reading Rainbow" meming around rhetoric. X here concretely being a former Westlaker brother friend of mine who enjoys hiking which functionally means walking around and observing nature stuff as well as reading text files from the Library Genesis platform system which X could then choose to orate to me on because that is how information transfer lowkey functions. Wow. Communication. No shit, Sherlock. Anyways functional "non shmautism" or "egoism" aside the key is to focus on the Other person and their interests in in the flesh discourse and also relax for there are so many deeply wise wisard elders who know so much about so many things such as houses, home construction, even more True facts about various desiderata of home residential environments, and say Boston suburb 1 acre land plots acquisition strategy and praxis. In any case X might suggest I cease outputting .txt and orations on the topic of mass media consumer popular music lyrics for it really miffs and agitates some who don't enjoy that particular art form or find it far too reminiscent of Aleksandar De Large from A Clockwork Orange and Patrick Bateman of Amerikan Psycho. To most of us of course "health" is sort of subjective perceptive mooshy woo poo along with "ethics" and "morality". One can choose to engineer software 19 hours per day remotely from a relatively odourless bed and think it is the good happy life. "Do anybody make real C codes any more? Bow in the presence of greatness! 'Cause Right now thou hast forsaken us! You should be honoured by my lateness!"

	Keeping Qualiae And Internal Lived Experience Stuff Private Mostly

Cease writing on "flashing back" in public I know it might geek some people in my readership out to learn so much about the purported reported mind's eyes of me and events which took place > 10 years ago. Keep it chill and mellow.

	Anxiety

I sometimes wish I had never tried caffeine, instant coffee, or C4 Original Watermelon Blow. ~12 months ago I experienced health problems due to a neighbour legally repainting their apartment and the associated fumes. Now here without a job and rented house in 2022-08 I worry. Synthetic fragrances and malodour are associated with "sticky skin", "woo", "psychic energy", "astrology", cognitive dysfunction, various negative health outcomes. In terms of me I should really keep it private but it is common knowledge this can come into headaches, migraines, sensory problems, even double nose bleeds down the throat which is itself a rather unpleasant experience. But one gets assets and a job and rents a house and emerges from the suffering. Recent Brian Tomasik writing was en pointe. The key here is I gotta ensure to not touch my nose, try and struggle survive cope the best I can, and get in there get in the money get a nice house to rent.

	Conversations Juice WRLD Skeler Remix

Ostensibly "sad" "track" on inanity: drugs, anxiogenics, psychosis, hallucinations, "mind frying" neurotoxia, and dying young.

	"Kane Is In The Building"

Keep my sob monster Patrik Bateman tier rants to my Diary but The Show Goes On Lupe Fiasco from Losers to LASERs is such an uplifting, feel Good, anthemic, heart felt, deep, sub liminal, subpiece... "I hope your son don't have a gun and never be a d[ope] boy."

	Robust Survival Of Nightmarish "Hellish" Scenario

High on instant coffee and the kitchen sink broke down, flooded apartment, but nearly instant emergency maintenance helped me and I executed a 180 minutes clean up with annoying isopropyl alcohol fumes to boot.

	Dermot Hoggins Of C++

Fairly confident that to many in my readership perhaps including James Tao and my own mother Jelena Anicic Ilic I am permanently doomed and forever relegated to "flat and inane beyond belief" status. I gonna be in IO sobbing Patrick Bateman tier telling my mom how much I love getting high on C4 Original Watermelon Blow there and she is going to laugh at me tell me I am a moronic retarded glup majmunce addicted to some predatory bullshit garbage trash from the Cellucor firm... shill... sub liminal high art "dedicated to all of the drug dealers" was an historic moment in a recording studio. Eh I dunno maybe frankly not if I scored 30 1st places Rank 1s she might then say I was by definition a wee bit of an odour detection neuroanatomical threshold and low latency puzzles freak and an OK Software Engineer and so it was all OK but really she is much more impressed as am I with the output, status, and prestige of the young sober Nikola Ilic. It is all very seriously deeply Lacanian, Zizekian, frankly Vonnegutian. My navel gazing, that is.

	IO

Will cover I Made It Kevin Rudolf at that point in time.

	Biological Ethics

Could maybe pen 5 or so serious high prestige high impact journal publications and shwoop in snag a career in that domain.

	Rest In Peace To Jake Ehlinger

Drugs. Sad stuff. What it do.

You can die any day. Risks can be taken and quantified. There could be a manufacturing issue with my CostCompany instant coffee and I could suffer an involuntary cardiac event known as a heart attack. That is life. That is death. That is being a mere mortal. That is reality.

	Communications Isms

Might compile a list. That scene from Scary Movie 3 is funny. Perhaps other examples like say a psychiatrist doctor and patient are both high on amphetamine but the patient is a man who uses ebonics and performs more highly on a hand gun shooting test not an IQ test and so the racist older doctor perceives that the man is "manic" and tranquilises him or whatever. This little shitty "sad" parable Right here is a lesson for boys from the Lost Creek and Westlake neighbourhoods to not walk around muttering strings like "drogas drogas drogas drogas drogas drogas drogas drogas what it say what it do?" Whilst chuckling, chortling, kekkerinoing. This story here also has to do with Amerikan police brutality.

	Computer Science Isms

Might compile a list. What is an X but Y? What is a career but a long string? Am I content with mine being 5 trillion rather than 10 trillion? Tradeoffs. IO. What is a Rational Rationality web log but some high "IQ" high "g" male human who could not hack it as a mathematician ranting about esoterique maps, meanings, symbols, symbolisms, semiotics, and Biology?

	"We have to encourage a return to traditional moral values. Most importantly, we have to promote general social concern and less materialism in young people."

- Patrick Bateman, Lazar Michael[archangelo] Ilic

"
'Break up, not bust up. Indecent, not undecent.' Claudia corrected. 'Oh, baloney! You know what I mean. Now tell me,' he demanded.
"
	Apolitical Aphilosophical Latin Scribble Scrabble Via Lucas

Et vos, cum essetis mortui delictis et peccatis vestris, in quibus aliquando ambulastis secundum sæculum mundi hujus, secundum principem potestatis aëris hujus, spiritus, qui nunc operatur in filios diffidentiæ, in quibus et nos omnes aliquando conversati sumus in desideriis carnis nostræ, facientes voluntatem carnis et cogitationum, et eramus natura filii iræ, sicut et ceteri: Deus autem, qui dives est in misericordia, propter nimiam caritatem suam, qua dilexit nos, et cum essemus mortui peccatis, convivificavit nos in Christo [cujus gratia estis salvati], et conresuscitavit, et consedere fecit in cælestibus in Christo Jesu: ut ostenderet in sæculis supervenientibus abundantes divitias gratiæ suæ, in bonitate super nos in Christo Jesu. Gratia enim estis salvati per fidem, et hoc non ex vobis: Dei enim donum est: non ex operibus, ut ne quis glorietur. Ipsius enim sumus factura, creati in Christo Jesu in operibus bonis, quæ præparavit Deus ut in illis ambulemus.