Crazy Lilac
Un Natural Language Processing

	1

"Oui oui".

"Ah you like Etienne Charry and Michel Gondry, messiuer?"

"Nah babe, I just meant to say I really like you."

Me and this chick met up at the Notre-Dame Cathedral. She told me that she was a Philosophy major. Continental. A really big fan of, lo and behold, Slavoj Zizek. But she could vibe with Our Lady Of Paris.

Anyways I memorised a very large corpus of Notes on the history of the building but mostly we just chit chatted, observed, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. Bird watching and people watching. Who cares? I care.

I chuckled internally when the warm orangey red sun light struck her dyed hairs, for it reminded me of the News articles about the Cathedral's roof catching fire.

"So how do you feel about His Dark Materials?" I queried.

... [training... several centuries of flow on the aeternal underground stream of data and inforamtion or a few moments later]

"Yeah I uh personally enjoy the psychic energy of consuming calories in animals' meat actually so like the whole daemon human animal duality motif was kind of interesting. But to really understand it you need to read The Bible in English first, the King James edition of course. Pretty uplifting as a female reader in the target demographic audience."

Unbefuckinglievable! I think to myself "[in pre pre proto paleo Hebrew] [grunt grunt grunt grunt] a good healthy robus meat eating one" and say "that's very nice very cool, me too. So uh you have a Gold Alethiometer in your head I mean you are deeply interested in the True True?"

"Yeah I love poetry and psychology and story telling. Spinning pleasant narratives to people who enjoy them. There really is an esthetic artistic aspect to it and the sub liminal nuances."

I reply "yeah gee I am personally am more into the cold, hard, brutal logic of maths and computer science. Trying to see the True True like predict humans with .py files and have a machine learning algorithm "understand" their sentiment. See the future, too, a little prophets and profits for a proprietary high frequency trading firm executing C codes on a Linux kernel."

And then she said "boring poo poo to me, please do not rant at me about your work."

"OK mademoiselle anyways back to the topic what were we talking about again? Oh yeah beaches, you like it there in San Diego?"

"Yeah I know this one dude named LASER who seems to think we need legal system reform like the entire process ought to be .txt based and more factual actual."

"Interesting, cool stuff sounds like a cool litty lit lit dude frankly. Pre eminent radical visionary genius wannabe pundit ideator something I guess I guess. Does he have a Twitter account, I mean?"

"Nah we gotta take this offline buddy brother no more posting dialogues in public until they are fully polished."

"Perhaps LASER can go work for a firm and scrape comments and users feedback to provide better recs. Maybe send our sibling Christos some 100% Greek merino wool ankle socks with a nice apology note for the time and energy wasted upon gazing on some seriously low brow trashy garbage electronic mail letter spams over Chris Brown Noise lyrics rap braggadocio boasts Of All Things."